Streams 1750 - document new REST api paths (#71)
Axway/streams-open-docs: content/en/docs/topics-api.md

All paginated queries start at page `1`.
Pagination information is provided by the `Link` header of a response.

For example, let's make a request to the `GET /streams/hub/api/v1/topics` endpoint with the `pageSize` query param set to `5`.

> The `links` section of the response body will contain a list of element separated by comma pointing to the different pages allowing you to navigate easily.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `links` section of the response body will contain a list of elements, separated by commas, pointing to the different pages, allowing you to navigate easily.
```
